---
title: Invest in something, it won’t hurt.
image: "https://nomadicsettlerhome.files.wordpress.com/2021/10/dsc00684-copy.jpg?w=1440&#038;h=600&#038;crop=1"
publish: 2021-10-23
type: post
tags:
  - Thought Writing
categories:
  - Thought Writing
readingTime: 6 Minutes
---

Serenity in withstanding hardship is a hard thing to come by. There will come times of laughter, times of sickness, times of evil and times of goodness, but it is the light which shines on each of these states of humankind that guides the path of the highest level of fulfillment. To say the least, living up to one’s potential is no small feat by any measure of success. Feeling the joy in each moment that you willingly choose to live is not a wasted achievement, and yet, it does not come to those who think that it can be achieved via sinister or superior means of existence. To find one’s own reputation at stake comes as a willing lesson to those who have knowledge of the supreme masterful delights of humankind’s abode. Foolish glances thrown my way will not sway me in the direction of their ill will, nor will mysterious pulls of mindful affairs. Simply put, I do not believe in the wishy washy lens to view this blessed existence of ours – I want the best possible explanation and search for it endlessly with all my might. Gut wrenching as this human affair is, it is also the one that was chosen for us, the beings of our mansion of god. Such theories have been wasted on me, such affairs have cost me dearly, but the hope for a new day keeps me pushing forward. I wish for the sights and the sounds to bring me closer to the true representation of reality. Seeing the deathly scares of winter, as we descend into the climate of disaster before inevitable change, we must be clear about what we are undertaking; our human essence of oneness is called into question every day before the crack of dawn, and dims down by the night. In the nights, we dream away woeful memories of the past and mysteries of the beyond, until we are no longer in a dream anymore. The dream replaces reality, and reality fades away like the day spent on the best of our days in this world. Worry not, these parallel worlds bring no harm to your faded sight of old and they do not come to warn you of past forgotten, nor the future that holds dangers. Will we meet again on a rainy day, when the moon is in its best phase of its life, and we are in the embrace of joyful youth as we once were, or perhaps once will become. Is it odd to have yourself ask yourself why things happen in such and such manner when everything has already occurred in similar ways before you came? Do you not fret over bittersweet memories of the kingdom of fairies and mansions of glory, that were once the resting places of your very own soul. Do not doubt the willing sacrifices that you come to make in pursuit of the colorful seasons of terror. Perhaps you can engage in self-doubt for a while without letting fear come in the way, and drop the act that you’re too afraid of the day. Midnight showers and daylight whispers, “you can do this, now”. Was it wasted on your precious sense of self, must you read into things after they are done? Be mindful of the troubles of others and listen to the missing parts of the stardust laden pearls of wisdom strewn across the fabric of your personal strife. Tease my soul with the delights of delectable sweets from peculiarities of matrixes of machines.

Thank you for your presence here in my search for missing pieces of the journeys we envision, create, and live our lives through. See you in another piece of some other mind’s speech. Hold on to the journeys you seldom debate, while laughing and enjoying all and every moment of multitudes of ways.
